---
title: Once more
layout: post
author: lewis.littman
permalink: /once-more/
source-id: 1kBmDV3O2uBhpArgg5s-T7V--WIGSkMoKgc8mbHRPcMA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Once more</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>1/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A blog that looks decent but the text is quite hard to read.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To improve my blog post by adding a container and changing the text colour.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I did achieve my lesson goal as I managed to add containers to my blog post as well as changing the text.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The most effective strategy I used w3schools again this lesson to figure out how to add containers. I also asked a few friends on how they did certain things. This week me and my friends worked together to improve our blogs, which also worked effectively.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think my own creativity limited my learning. I think this because when I had changed the text colour and had added the container to my blog post I couldn't think of anything else to do for the lesson. I also need to work on finding things on the internet and being aware of what i’m searching so I get an answer quicker.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will set a bigger goal for the lesson and try think of something before the lesson even starts so I know what I need to do for the lesson. I want to do this as I think it will help me concentrate more as I know what I need to do and there won’t be any excuse for me not completing my target.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


