---
title: Learning
layout: post
author: lewis.littman
permalink: /learning/
source-id: 1AvP6mn_9Xj1Ud2wW10ws-DTCz3X260WCjteF2b6BIOA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Learning</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/1/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Think that learning is about trying.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand what learning is actually about.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I now have a new understanding on what learning and education is.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For most of the lesson we were at the front of the classroom and were listening to Mr Keen talk about the standard CBA attitude that most students have. We watched a video on someone who never have up and kept on trying and that would should do the same and not just give up straight away. I learnt that if you say that you don't get something you may as well be saying that your brain has turned off as you aren’t thinking hard enough.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>If anything this lesson limited my learning it would be getting distracted as we were sat listening at the front of the classroom for quite a while. As we were sat down for a long time I lost my attention a lot easier than I would usually.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time we have a lesson when we sit and the front of the room and listen to the teacher I will try pay attention and get involved more so I am even more interested in what is happening so I don’t lose focus.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


