---
title: Encoding
layout: post
author: lewis.littman
permalink: /encoding/
source-id: 1BtbU7m5oRM53QUClSQ4Tm3gsF8SrHAQzxqVBLssma4Y
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Encoding</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>09/10/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>My starting point before these four lessons was that I did not know anything at all about coding on google sheets.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>My target for these lessons is to gain a decent understanding of how to code using google sheets and how to make a system that can encode and decode messages.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I have successfully created a google sheets that can encode and decode messages using a specific code.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For the past 4 weeks we have been coding on google sheets. We have used various different bits of codes but the main ones we have used are vlookup, left, right and iferror.
Vlookup allows us to look what a certain cell or certain group of cells has in them, which can be used to toggle other bits of code depending what is in those cells. Left and right allow you to take the left or right amount of cell, for example, if you used the code =left(K3) you will get the leftmost letter from the cell K3. Right is the same just for the right of the word. Finally, iferror allows you to toggle codes happening if there is an error, however, we used it to make it so there is no error message in the cells were there was an error (to make it look neat).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that i should've asked Mr. Tansley more questions to help me do extra. If I asked him more questions I might have been able to do even more work or even try and make the coding more compact. I also think that I need to work on not getting distracted as much as I got distracted a few times. However, I understand the coding fully, which is the main thing that matters.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will obviously try and not get as distracted. Also I will ask more questions to try and extend my knowledge of coding and on google sheets. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


