---
title: Binary
layout: post
author: lewis.littman
permalink: /binary/
source-id: 163vk15G_uRjV_qx5TFYS71oWBVoPSL4zInhaZYrCHX0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Binary</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>05/1/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Before this lesson I knew about binary and that is was about yes and no logic using 1's and 0’s but didn’t understand how to calculate numbers using binary.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand how to calculate numbers using binary and to understand binary.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes as now I have a good understanding on binary and how to calculate numbers.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by copying what Mr Keen at the start just to get me going then once i had answered a few questions I tried to figure them out by myself. The way Mr Keen answered the questions was by creating a grid. The questions I answered where to figure out these binary numbers:
11011 = 27
1011011 = 91 
10101 = 45
11111110 = 254
1111110 = 126
10101010 = 170 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I already had a decent understanding of binary but I didn't understand why there were the amount of possibilities that there were for each amount or bit. For example:
8bit = 256
16 bit = 65,536
32 bit = 4,294,967,296
64 bit = 18,446,744,070,000,000,000
This shows me that I may need to ask more questions in the future to stretch my learning further and so I can understand.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will ask any questions and talk to the teacher about anything I don’t understand or even ask my friends incase they know and could explain it to me.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


