---
title: Python
layout: post
author: lewis.littman
permalink: /python/
source-id: 19Sb5r4rQl2uao1JlO6tv_sJ61OtK7e9YpGvpVuvmsX8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/1/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Little understanding on how to code using python and wanting to learn more about the programming language.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn about python and how to code using it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I sort of reached my target as got through quite a bit of practice but there is still a lot of things to learn.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The website we used to learn was called Codecademy and has many courses to help people learn how to code using many different languages. It was very helpful as it hints you to where you went wrong, if you did go wrong. The website was also very direct and told you what to do and why and what different lines of code did. If I got anything I wrong I read through what I was supposed to do again and again until I figured out what I did wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I would usually ask a classmate what I have done wrong and how to fix it but today I tried to figure everything out on my own, including figuring out to get a hashtag (#) on mac, which is alt + 3. If I didn't understand anything I would just keep reading and trying to figure out where I went wrong. I still did ask my friend where I went wrong a couple of times so I think I need to try even harder to work independently.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will need to try work on my own more so I am not tempted to ask someone for help. I will only ask someone for help If I have been stuck for a long time and don’t understand. However, if my friend isn’t doing the same part of the code as me I may have to go back a few steps to try and refresh my memory on how to complete the code.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


