---
title: Loops
layout: post
author: lewis.littman
permalink: /loops/
source-id: 1b0pzYG2HvM5kj4POmumeE8H9IsZwgNS-58WScS_ob6s
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Loops</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>4/12/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A good understanding of how to code using Python. However, I have only revised the basics, printing, inputs, indents and other basic commands.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete worksheet 3, 4 and 5. I also need to finish the extension on worksheet 5. I need to add to my AI system also.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes as I added to my AI system. I also completed the worksheets.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During this lesson we recapped on the two different types of loops and when to use each one. You can either use the while loop, which will continue the loop until the 'while' isn't true anymore. Or you could use the for loop. We learnt these loops by going through a presentation with good examples of the loops and some bad ones. We then applied what we had learnt into coding by following a worksheet that would ask us to do certain things to the code. Towards the end of the lesson we also learnt about lists and how to use them, change variables in them and also add to them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on my understanding of the for loop as I only know how to use it when I don't use the while loop. I also forgot how to use inputs and variables together. However, these mistakes can easily be fixed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I am going to be able to give a detailed explanation of when to use the for loop and I will also be able to use variables and inputs together. The way I will learn this is going to be by looking back at the presentation we looked at in class, which is on the Google drive.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


