---
title: Turtle
layout: post
author: lewis.littman
permalink: /turtle/
source-id: 1DZuSIsXBdzjTVnBAKUYmhjM2DMzKpZ4aNsNuRSIDXDk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Turtle</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>My starting point for the lesson was that I had a basic understanding of how to use python, which is very similar to python (with turtle).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to create something really interesting with my coding, a shape of some sort.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes as I managed to create a really interesting pattern that uses different colours, shapes and is looped so that it constantly changes over time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The coding used was quite simple as all we had to do with import the turtle coding, which allowed us to use code like turtle.forward() and other bits of code. We started by defining a function that allowed us to create a shape with any amount of sides. This worked by diving 360/ sides which got the angle for which the turtle had to turn.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Nothing really limited my learning as worked quick quickly and managed to do everything within the lesson but I could've possibly have tried not to look online for the basic turtle commands.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make my code even more compact. I might be able to do this by trying to change the colour gradient over time.

<iframe height="400px" width="100%" src="https://repl.it/@lewislittman/Turtle?lite=true" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allowtransparency="true" allowfullscreen="true" sandbox="allow-forms allow-pointer-lock allow-popups allow-same-origin allow-scripts allow-modals"></iframe></td>
  </tr>
</table>


