---
title: Planning
layout: post
author: lewis.littman
permalink: /planning/
source-id: 1JEtxhqn_NTyK2zL_8Knph9OymbbbGleeXsN2B67tDc4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Planning</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/1/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>My starting point is that I have a good understanding of how to code using python and that I know enough to start coding some basic ideas.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>My target was to complete all my work for the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I did reach my target for the lesson as I managed to complete all of the work for the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson we didn't actually do any coding but instead we started to plan a buzzfeed style quiz. We discussed the logic behind it and how the coding would actually work. For my quiz I will find out what animal you are. It will work by having different variable for different animals and depending on what you answer to the question, it will determine what variable to add a point to. At the end whatever variable had the most points will be the animal that you are most like.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My main trouble this lesson was having to be creative as I couldn’t think of enough questions in time, which I have now thought of as homework. 
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I won’t have this problem with having to be creative as I have already done all of the creative parts of this bit of work, which will allow to get on with how to code it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


